<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm ARNAV SUMAN</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate frontend develop🚀 Passionate Student Developer | AI Enthusiast | VR/AR Enthusiast | Research Aficionado 🚀 Areas of Expertise: AI <br> Enthusiast: Fascinated by the endless possibilities AI offers, I am well-versed in machine learning algorithms, natural language processing, and computer vision. I am dedicated to applying AI to solve complex problems and enhance user experiences. Software Engineering Maven: With a keen eye for detail and a commitment to robust code architecture, I enjoy developing scalable and efficient software solutions. My skills encompass the entire software development life cycle. <br>VR/AR Enthusiast: I am captivated by the immersive potential of Virtual and Augmented Reality. Exploring the intersection of technology and user experience, I aim to contribute to the evolution of these transformative technologies. Research Aficionado: Eager to delve into the world of research, I actively seek opportunities to contribute to cutting-edge projects. Whether it's exploring new algorithms or investigating emerging technologies, I thrive on the intellectual challenges that research presents. 🤝 Open to Collaborations: I am always open to collaborations and networking opportunities. Let's connect to explore how my skills and enthusiasm can contribute to exciting projects and collaborations in the tech community!er from India</h3>

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

